Wärtsilä
Senior Developer, 15 June 2026
Hiililaiturinkuja 2 00180 Helsinki

Interviewers:
* Jenni Lahtinen - People Manager (DPD), Finland https://www.linkedin.com/in/jenni-lahtinen-formerly-karkinen-4b451451/

* Ran Nyman – Scrum Master
 
C#/.NET, React/Angular, TypeScript, SQL, Cloud, CI/CD, API, integrations, production systems.

———

Test App Wartsila

Wartsila.TestApp.TestConsole
/Users/popovan/SS/BB-MAC/wartsila-testapp

Hello Andrey!

Sampo Torttila from Wärtsilä has invited you to
solve some programming challenges.

You can view the problems at https://wartsila.kattis.com/test/programming/yw4divfmztck5ystik7j6fuv2ftbpu46

Purpose of the test is to get some preliminary indication of your programming skills. If you cannot solve the problems, even the partial solutions are a proof knowledge. You can search for solutions from he net but the actual input needs to be individual/unique. Good luck with the test!

Yours Truly,
Sampo Torttila
Wärtsilä


Sampo Torttila

Please read through the following instructions carefully to get started.
1. This test contains a number of programming problems.
2. You will have 48 hours to solve these problems.
3. Your code should read input from STDIN and write to STDOUT.
4. You may attempt each problem as many times as you need in the time allotted.
5. If you need additional help, check the tutorial pages.
6. Once you start the test you will have 48 hours to complete the test. The last solution submitted for each problem is used in evaluating your code performance.
7. Once you are ready, click Start to start the test. You have 2 days 0:31:53 to start the test.


———

Dear Agata,

Thank you for your message and for the opportunity.

I confirm that I received the invitation and I will be able to participate in the proposed slot on Monday, 15 June at 15:00.

Kind regards,
Andrey Popov

————

From: Recruitment Wärtsilä <recruitment@wartsila.com>
Date: Tuesday, 26. May 2026 at 12.43
To: andrey.popov.spb@gmail.com <andrey.popov.spb@gmail.com>
Subject: RE: Onsite Interview Invitation - Senior Developer position at Wärtsilä

Dear Andrey,
I hope you are well.
 
Just wanted to follow-up on the email below.
Could you please confirm that you received it and if you will be able to participate in the proposed slot?
 
Thank you
Agata
Wartsila Recruitment Team
 
-----Original Appointment----- From: Recruitment Wärtsilä Sent: mercoledì 20 maggio 2026 10:36 To: Lahtinen, Jenni; Nyman, Ran (External); andrey.popov.spb@gmail.com Subject: Onsite Interview Invitation - Senior Developer position at Wärtsilä When: lunedì 15 giugno 2026 15:00-16:00 (UTC+02:00) Helsinki, Kiev, Riga, Sofia, Tallinn, Vilnius. Where: FI Salmisaari 2 - Generation
 
Dear Andrey,  
 
Thank you for your interest in our Senior Developer position at Wärtsilä.
We are pleased to be taking your application to the next stage and would like to invite you to attend a formal interview in our office in Helsinki.
 
As we would like to schedule this ahead, the details are as follows:
 Position: Senior Developer
Date: Monday, 15th June 2026
Time: 15:00 Helsinki time Duration: 60 minutes Interview location: Wärtsilä Helsinki – room Generation
Interviewers:
* Jenni Lahtinen - People Manager (DPD), Finland
* Ran Nyman – Scrum Master
 
Please confirm your availability by replying to this email or accepting this invitation.
In case this slot does not work for you, please reply by adding your availability and we’ll find a new slot.
 
 
Logistics:
Address of the Wärtsilä Helsinki office is:
Hiililaiturinkuja 2
00180 Helsinki
 
Arriving by foot or public transportation:
* Shuttle bus nr. 26 or 22K leaves from Ruoholahti (M) every 5 minutes during rush hour.
* Exact stop is the bus stop in front of Ruoholahti metro station
* There are paid parking places next to the Wärtsilä office building.
 
When you arrive to the Wärtsilä Helsinki office, register at the reception. Please bring your ID so the receptionists can make you a visitor card. The reception will guide you to wait for your interviewer.
 
We look forward to speaking with you!
Kind regards,
On behalf of the hiring manager, the Wärtsilä recruitment team
￼
