Name: Medium (Problem B)

Anna and Bob are having a baby.
They both enjoy the advantage of having palindrome names, meaning that their names are spelled the same way forwards and backwards.
Wanting to be good parents, they decide to give their child a palindrome name too.
The only problem is that they aren’t sure if the one they picked is a palindrome.
If it turns out it isn’t a palindrome, they want to change it to a palindrome using as few changes as possible.
The allowed changes are:

Change a letter of the name.

Add a letter to the end of the name.

Help Bob and Anna find out how many changes they need to make to the name to make it a palindrome.

Input
Input is the name they have chosen.

Output
Output the number of changes they need to make.

Limits
The length of the name is at least 1 and at most 100 characters.

The name consists of only lowercase letters a–z.

Sample Input 1: kaia
Sample Output 1: 1
Sample Input 2: abcdefgded
Sample Output 2: 4

--------------------------------

[Explain the underlying problem with your own words:]
The task is to determine the minimum number of operations needed to transform a given string into a palindrome.
In one operation, it is possible either to change an existing character or to append one new character to the end of the string.
The goal is not to build every possible string, but to find the smallest number of required operations.

[Explain your solution to the problem:]
The solution checks how many character pairs do not match when comparing the string from both ends.
Each mismatch can be fixed with one replacement.
To also support append operations, the solution tries possible extended versions of the string using placeholder characters.
A placeholder represents an appended character that can later be chosen optimally.
For every candidate length, the same pair comparison is used, and the minimum number of required operations is selected.
Additional helper methods are included for palindrome checking, demonstration output, and simple test coverage.
